the way that you talk to yourself just
like we're discussing earlier affects
the actions you take the way you think
about yourself and what happens in your
world self-talk is very important and
it's very overlooked in our discussion
of self development when I was when I
was a kid one of the things that stuck
out to me a lot about my my grandmother
was that she'd monitor almost kind of
like very closely things I would say so
if I ever say something like oh I'm so
stupid or like why didn't I do that
she'd always say don't talk about
yourself like that she's always catch me
on the slightly negative ideas I have
about myself to the point where I was
almost unable to say anything negative
about myself which I think like yeah I
feel like it really helped me because
only recently as I've been like getting
more stressed with more work have I even
seen a few kinks in my armor or like oh
that was kind of a negative thought but
I've kept the majority of them out
because I have such a strong base